to go beast mode identical
whats up guys its Willie the robot here
with you and I am doing this commentary
for beast mode today before I tell you
about how I lost my vocal cords in a
raging squirrel attack I'll tell you a
little bit about this gameplay geez I
can't believe I sound like Stephen
Hawking's now in a short recap basically
I am going to be doing my thing as
normal running around but not putting my
stick in places it doesn't belong
apparently what I do is different than
what society would say a normal person
goes but I like to be different so I am
going to continue bringing you guys
these videos of me inserting my stick
into places where the enemies don't like
it I sure hope to god they don't enjoy
it at this point you are probably
sitting with a fully erected interest in
my voice and what have to say don't
worry this is normal and if you
experience symptoms for longer than four
hours then you may want to contact your
local doctor or you can go to that
freaky girls house down the street the
one from last summer that you never told
anyone about by the way she has a
fucking shrine of you in her closet I
kid you not this is some real Hey Arnold
shit going down here you may want to
wash your pipi after coming back from
that place I bet you all just laughed
when I said PP haha PP it sounds funny
when I say it all my penis milk I can't
hit this guy to save your vagina's life
I'd have to say my accuracy right there
was somewhere around the level of a
drunk blind man trying to drain his pain
in the little kids here in all honestly
though I will give the blind man an
excuse for missing the toilet only
because he is drunk out of his mind but
for those of you who think it is funny
peeing all over the ground or rim of the
toilet seat I hate you with a passion
because I have been the guy who has to
go clean that shit up or should I say
piss if you are missing the toilet
dropping your chocolate than you really
need some mental help or maybe you were
just trying to drop a care package style
from your butthole to the water without
touching the toilet room because of all
the sack liquors who piss all over the
place like there's lung is a flapping
hose I have news for you 10 year olds
your peepee is not that long please
stand closer to your target in fact with
your situation I may even authoritative
you to sit down on that toilet seat like
a woman that way there is no possible
way you will miss unless of course like
a woman you do not remain seated for the
duration of the ride I don't get women
and bathrooms we as men should have
decked out bathrooms because I don't
know about you guys but I spent a lot of
quality time on my toilet seat the
moments after you drop the Dookie and
feel the splash of cold water on your
legs your mind is open for very deep
thought and meditation girls on the
other hand go through all the trouble to
make their restrooms pretty and for what
you can never even tell if they trickle
their bladder were made a huge splatter
anyways I hope you guys are enjoying the
gameplay like I have said before I like
to bring you guys just normal games that
I have to show you how I really am when
I play I could be one of those
commentators who always waits and waits
until they get a near-flawless game
where they go like 40 and oh I have two
small problems with this though one I am
using a primitive weapon that is nothing
more than a sharpen blade mounted on a
stick you on the other hand are using a
highly advanced projectile weapon that
you even upgrade even more by attaching
your red dot sights extended mags and
even under attachments like a grenade
launcher you fucking knew if I could add
attachments to my sticks then you would
probably dashboard every game because I
already embarrass you with them enough
as it is how do you feel when I have
twice as many kills as you and team
deathmatch or be doing free-for-all when
everyone was using a gun except for me
now imagine if I could have extended
mags to my tomahawks and have
let's say four tomahawks to throw at
your bitch ass at that point I could be
the drunk blind guy and still probably
hit you I mean with four chances to eat
you how could it get any more unfair for
you it's not like you have a magazine
capacity of 30 which you use every last
bit up to take my beast ass down it's
not like you have a precision red dot
sight or for that matter any type of
site that tells you exactly where your
bullets are going to go I have to deal
with gravity when picking my shots and
they also don't teleport to your face
the instant I click the throw but as you
can see you are obviously at a huge
disadvantage wind playing someone who
uses tomahawks and ballistic knives only
you are justified when telling them they
are cheap players for bringing knives to
a gunfight I mean let's get real guys
this is a war game where people use guns
change what the enemy's expecting just a
little bit by using knives instead and
you have a huge plate of shit to deal
with because of how shitty cheap of a
player you are for not using the farmers
or ak-47 take for example a player who
was on the other team in this game after
the game he let out all his frustrations
on me for being such a terrible call of
duty player and I honestly thought the
kid was going to go super saiyan all up
on my ass I think he tried to do that
but lost focus and shit his pants I
laughed very hard I was pretty mad at
myself here for missing both of these
guys because it would have made for a
nice little kill cam well guys I hope
you enjoyed my little commentary in
place of beast mode leave a comment if
you want to hear from me again maybe I
can be the star of my own hit series
before I go I would like to ask you one
more question what happened to the
raging little kid with a boner who
walked into wall he broke his nose lo lo
lo lo lo lo peace out